Jacks Project Idea Points

1. Utilising a Raspberry Pi with a 3g/4g sim card to record data and upload to a cloud based server, that is also accessible through an application.
2. Device would have a scannable QR code that can be scanned to access data stored on the server.
3. Possible data collection can include:
                                          - Barking logs
                                          - GPS info
                                          - Registration details including owners details
                                          - Activity details (period of time moving/stationary)
4. Issues:
          - Power supply.
            two options, first being an easily replaceable commercial off the shelf (COTs) Product such as a 9v battery
            second option would be an rechargeable battery pack installed along the collar that is charged through a micro
            usb connection.
            Either of these options could also allow the raspberry pi to track battery voltage and send an alert to the
            server when it requires charging.
          - Durability
            Considerate testing would be required to ensure the hardware is stored with a rugged housing that can not be
            damaged from the everyday wearing of a dog. including the water proofing of the case for wet weather situations.
            Along with this the housing must still be slim enough that it does not provide a hazard/annoyance when wearing.
          - Radiation hazard
            Sufficient testing will be required to ensure no negative long term effects of 3g/4g antennas radiating in close proximity
            of the dogs head. the information from this will need to be available in order to provide peace of mind for the customer.
          - Price
            Obviously this could become a very expensive collar so keeping it affordable will be a major focus on creation. another
            factor that must be accounted for is the ongoing running costs of the server (do you charge a subscription fee, or a large
            initial fee to cover the long term costs?)
          - Security
            this may have the potential that if the dog is stolen the criminal could access data via the QR code. while you could look
            at requiring two factor authentication to access the data (Vet and local councils would have there own codes for access)
            the easiest solution would be to only have the address and contact number of the owner and no other personal information
            stored within the server.
